Rich and powerful people have quite a
different attitude and approach to truth
and lies and games compared to ordinary
people. When people when rich and
powerful people say something really
more than anything it tells us something
about what they want us to believe. And
this also explains often why the what
people say is so odd to what they do.
For example, you've got the
Conservatives who continually said they
were anti-migration and yet enormously
increased the number of legal migration
into the country. You have Elon Musk who
again is trying to fund anti-immigration
parties and yet is trying to increase
immigration of many kinds into the US.
When these rich and powerful people
speak, we should always be asking
ourselves fundamentally at the very
heart, what do these people want? And in
the vast majority of cases, what rich
and powerful people want is more wealth,
more power, not just for them, but also
for their